feat(Infrastructure): dojo doc (72805) (#10842)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/dojo-io-integration.mdx

---
title: Dojo.io integration
tags:
    - dojo.io integration
    - dojo integration
    - new relic integrations
metaDescription: "The New Relic Dojo.io integration sends performance metrics and inventory data from your Dojo.io framework to the New Relic platform."
---
import dojodashboard from 'images/infrastructure_screenshot-crop_dojo-dashboard.png'

> With the help of New Relic's Dojo dashboard, you can track your application's core web vitals, user time on the site, and browser performance metrics like Initial page load, route change, throughput and page views with Javascript errors. By using our browser monitoring agent, the Dojo dashboard lets you view all your most important data in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the help of New Relic's Dojo dashboard, you can track your application's core web vitals, how much time your users spend on your site, and critical browser performance metrics like initial page load and pages with Javascript errors. Built with our browser monitoring agent, the Dojo dashboard lets you view all your most important data in one place.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "how much time" clause is better than the initial draft, but I think it teases out what exactly that phrase means

<img
  title="dashboard-example.png"
  alt="A screenshot of the Dojo dashboard"
  src={dojodashboard}
/>

## Install the infrastructure agent (optional) [#infra-install]

> Before getting Dojo data into New Relic, you may first want to install our infrastructure agent. You can do this by following our [guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=999174fa-ed8b-d707-af7b-8e4f8fd03cc1) or installing the infrastructure agent by [following the docs](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent). It's a good idea to do this because the infrastructure agent provides additional layers of monitoring, but is not necessary in order to allow the browser agent to work with Dojo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While our Dojo integration isn't built with our infrastructure agent, we recommend installing it if you want performance data about your hosts. You can install the infrastructure agent two different ways: 

* Our [guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=4f81feab-35f7-e97e-9903-52510f8542bd) is a CLI tool that inspects your system and installs the infrastructure agent alongside the application monitoring agent that best works for your system. To learn more about how our guided install works, check out our [Guided install overview](/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/installation/new-relic-guided-install-overview). 
* If you’d rather install our infrastructure agent manually, you can follow a tutorial for manual installation for [Linux](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux), [Windows](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-windows/), or [macOS](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/macos-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-macos/).
```

## Install the browser agent [#browser-install]

> 1. Follow our [browser monitoring guide](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/getting-started/browser-summary-page/) to instrument your Dojo application (or) follow this steps to [install the Browser Monitoring Agent](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install our browser agent by going to our [install launcher](https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace?account=3510613&state=79352429-fa28-4c25-1123-30c4b23ff83c) and clicking **Browser monitoring**.
2. Select your account and follow the instructions in the UI.
```

> 2. Monitor your metrics by using the dashboard template on one.newrelic.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the pre-built Dojo dashboard on the [Dojo instant observability page](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/dojo)
```

---
title: Dojo.io integration
tags:
    - dojo.io integration
    - dojo integration
    - new relic integrations
metaDescription: "The New Relic Dojo.io integration sends performance metrics and inventory data from your Dojo.io framework to the New Relic platform."
---
import dojodashboard from 'images/infrastructure_screenshot-crop_dojo-dashboard.png'

> With the help of New Relic's Dojo dashboard, you can track your application's core web vitals, user time on the site, and browser performance metrics like Initial page load, route change, throughput and page views with Javascript errors. Built with our infrastructure agent and our browser monitoring, the Dojo dashboard lets you view all your most important data in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the help of New Relic's Dojo dashboard, you can track your application's core web vitals, user time on the site, and browser performance metrics like Initial page load, route change, throughput and page views with Javascript errors. Built with our infrastructure agent and our browser monitoring agent, the Dojo dashboard lets you view all your most important data in one place.
```

> With the help of New Relic's Dojo dashboard, you can track your application's core web vitals, user time on the site, and browser performance metrics like Initial page load, route change, throughput and page views with Javascript errors. Built with our infrastructure agent and our browser monitoring, the Dojo dashboard lets you view all your most important data in one place.

Reviewer: It's not accurate to say it's built with our infrastructure agent, since that's optional. Maybe reword that last sentence to say "Using our browser monitor agent," or something similar. :)

<img
  title="dashboard-example.png"
  alt="A screenshot of the Dojo dashboard"
  src={dojodashboard}
/>

## Install the infrastructure agent and Dojo integration [#install]

1. Install the infrastructure agent (optional)
Before getting Dojo data into New Relic, first install our infrastructure agent to get details about your host.

> * Follow our [guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=999174fa-ed8b-d707-af7b-8e4f8fd03cc1) to instrument your system with the infrastructure agent. Or if you prefer, you can install the infrastructure agent by [following the docs](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent).

Reviewer: Steps 1 and 2 could probably be combined into one. We should probably include a sentence about why the infrastructure agent is optional. Since the browser agent hooks into Dojo to ingest data, infrastructure agent provides an added layer so you can monitor your entire system... but it's not necessary for the browser agent to work with Dojo.

> * By integrating this infrastructure agent in your system, you can see the information for the CPU usage, memory usage, storage usage, disk usage, network traffic, and more.

Reviewer: I think given that level of specificity, we should probably separate the browser/infra agent into two smaller sections for now. Maybe frontload the doc with browser agent and then add "install infrastructure" towards the bottom as an optional step to follow

2. Follow our [browser monitoring guide](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/getting-started/browser-summary-page/) to instrument your Dojo application (or) follow this steps to [install the Browser Monitoring Agent](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent/).

> 3. Monitor your metrics by using the dashboard template on one.newrelic.com.

Reviewer: I think for this section, we should just use the boilerplate text we have for installing the dojo dashboards from IO. Something like:

> With the browser agent installed and instrumented with your app, you can view your raw data in Metrics & events. Our default dashboards transform that raw data into charts and graphs, which provide a bird’s eye view of your system’s health. To install our default dashboards, go to our [<APP NAME> instant observability page](LINK WILL BE PROVIDED AFTER DOC IS LIVE).

Reviewer: Feel free to edit this text, but it's a little more fleshed out and give customers more direction than the original draft

> 4. Use the NRQL query below to view your data:

Reviewer: I'm not convinced this is necessary. It's not clear what value it adds to the quickstart / why customers would want to do this, so I think it's safe to delete for now
